20240406

A: Your birthday is coming up
just around the corner
B: It is. I’m. So excited!

A: So What do you want for your birthday

B: For starters I want my mom to get me something practical
For one thing
For my birthday

A: Like what? You mean like a new hoodie?

B: Not exactly I was thinking more along the lines like a new iPad

A: Why do you need a new ipad when(situation) you already have perfectly fine ipad

B: My iPad isn’t as fast as the new one I want
My iPad doen’t have cool features
It isn’t as timeless as the new one I want
It Doen’t last as long as the
It doesn’t have as pretty a color as the one I want
My shows aren’t as trendy as the new one I want

A: Whatever you say

Timeless 유행을 안타는

A: Who do you think is a better singer IU OR TY?

B: I think Ty is a better singer than IU

A: Really? TY is a good singer but she isn’t as good a singer as IU. I mean she’s a lot more popular

B: Maybe But in my book TY is a lot better singer than IU because I like her voice better.

As good a singer as

It’s too big a desk

As + 형용사 a 명사
So
That
Too

A: Where are you?

B: I’m at home

A: So you’re playing computer games again, aren’t you?

B: Nope. I’m reading instead of playing computer games.
I mean I’m all computer gamed out

A: So you’re done with computer games, aren’y you?

B: Whoa Whoa Let’s not get crazy here
Let’s not go that far
I just wanna cut down on(cut back on) computer games I mean I have trouble meeting my deadline theseday

A: glad to hear that / cool / fair / I see/ good for you

    weaker	stronger

Yes yeah Yup

No nah. Nope

Space out 멍때리다
Zone out
